DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

## Local Development Setup

### Prerequisites
- Node.js installed
- Supabase account with project created

### Environment Variables

Both the frontend and admin applications require Supabase credentials. Create `.env` files in each directory:

**Frontend** (`frontend/.env`):
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
VITE_SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
```

**Admin** (`admin/.env`):
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
VITE_SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
```

**Backend** (`backend/.env`):
```env
SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
PORT=3000
MASTER_ADMIN_EMAIL=your-email@example.com
```

### Running Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies (from root)
npm install

# Start all services
npm run dev:frontend  # Frontend on http://localhost:5173
npm run dev:admin     # Admin on http://localhost:5174
npm run dev:backend   # Backend on http://localhost:3000
```

## Production Deployment (Netlify)

### Step 1: Configure Environment Variables

1. Go to your Netlify site dashboard
2. Navigate to **Site settings** → **Environment variables**
3. Add the following variables:
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_URL` = `https://doajmxrjnkwflwjysuyj.supabase.co`
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_KEY` = `eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6ImRvYWpteHJqbmt3Zmx3anlzdXlqIiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3Njc4MDkxMTcsImV4cCI6MjA4MzM4NTExN30.JEolN04ntBMYrONwvHwHVf_aylwwL39uyg4qTVCsXv4`

### Step 2: Build Configuration

The `netlify.toml` file is already configured:
- **Build command**: `npm run build`
- **Publish directory**: `frontend/dist`
- **Redirects**: Configured for SPA routing (frontend and admin)

### Step 3: Deploy

1. **Push to GitHub**: Commit your changes and push to your repository
2. **Trigger Deploy**: Netlify will automatically build and deploy
3. **Manual Deploy**: Or trigger a manual deploy from the Netlify dashboard

### Step 4: Verify

1. Visit your Netlify site URL
2. Check browser console for errors
3. Test feedback submission on frontend
4. Test admin login at `/admin`

## Troubleshooting

### "Missing Supabase Environment Variables" Error

**Cause**: Environment variables not set or dev server not restarted

**Solution**:
1. Verify `.env` files exist in `frontend/` and `admin/` directories
2. Restart development servers (Ctrl+C and run `npm run dev` again)
3. For production, verify environment variables in Netlify dashboard

### Database Connection Errors

**Cause**: Invalid Supabase credentials or RLS policies

**Solution**:
1. Verify credentials in Supabase dashboard
2. Check RLS policies are correctly configured
3. Ensure Supabase project is not paused

### Admin Panel Not Loading

**Cause**: Missing environment variables or build issues

**Solution**:
1. Check browser console for specific errors
2. Verify admin `.env` file exists
3. Clear browser cache and hard reload

Commit message:

Restore backend integration for admin panel - Fix user creation and invitation features

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

## Local Development Setup

### Prerequisites
- Node.js installed
- Supabase account with project created

### Environment Variables

Both the frontend and admin applications require Supabase credentials. Create `.env` files in each directory:

**Frontend** (`frontend/.env`):
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
VITE_SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
```

**Admin** (`admin/.env`):
```env
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
VITE_SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
VITE_BACKEND_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

**Backend** (`backend/.env`):
```env
SUPABASE_URL=your-supabase-url
SUPABASE_KEY=your-supabase-anon-key
PORT=3000
MASTER_ADMIN_EMAIL=your-email@example.com
```

### Running Locally

> **IMPORTANT**: The admin panel requires the backend server to be running for user management features (create user, invite, etc.)

```bash
# Install dependencies (from root)
npm install

# Start backend server (REQUIRED)
npm run dev:backend   # Backend on http://localhost:3000

# Start frontend and admin (in separate terminals)
npm run dev:frontend  # Frontend on http://localhost:5173
npm run dev:admin     # Admin on http://localhost:5174
```

## Production Deployment

> **CRITICAL**: The admin panel requires a backend server for user management features. You must deploy the backend separately.

### Option 1: Deploy Backend to Railway/Render (Recommended)

1. Create account on [Railway](https://railway.app) or [Render](https://render.com)
2. Deploy the `backend` folder as a Node.js service
3. Set environment variables:
   - `SUPABASE_URL`
   - `SUPABASE_KEY`
   - `MASTER_ADMIN_EMAIL`
   - `PORT` (Railway auto-assigns, Render uses 10000)
4. Note the deployed backend URL (e.g., `https://your-app.railway.app`)

### Option 2: Frontend/Admin on Netlify

### Step 1: Configure Environment Variables

1. Go to your Netlify site dashboard
2. Navigate to **Site settings** → **Environment variables**
3. Add the following variables:
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_URL` = `https://doajmxrjnkwflwjysuyj.supabase.co`
   - `VITE_SUPABASE_KEY` = `eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6ImRvYWpteHJqbmt3Zmx3anlzdXlqIiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3Njc4MDkxMTcsImV4cCI6MjA4MzM4NTExN30.JEolN04ntBMYrONwvHwHVf_aylwwL39uyg4qTVCsXv4`
   - `VITE_BACKEND_URL` = `https://your-backend-url.railway.app` (from Step 1)

### Step 2: Build Configuration

The `netlify.toml` file is already configured:
- **Build command**: `npm run build`
- **Publish directory**: `frontend/dist`
- **Redirects**: Configured for SPA routing (frontend and admin)

### Step 3: Deploy

1. **Push to GitHub**: Commit your changes and push to your repository
2. **Trigger Deploy**: Netlify will automatically build and deploy
3. **Manual Deploy**: Or trigger a manual deploy from the Netlify dashboard

### Step 4: Verify

1. Visit your Netlify site URL
2. Check browser console for errors
3. Test feedback submission on frontend
4. Test admin login at `/admin`

## Troubleshooting

### "Missing Supabase Environment Variables" Error

**Cause**: Environment variables not set or dev server not restarted

**Solution**:
1. Verify `.env` files exist in `frontend/` and `admin/` directories
2. Restart development servers (Ctrl+C and run `npm run dev` again)
3. For production, verify environment variables in Netlify dashboard

### Database Connection Errors

**Cause**: Invalid Supabase credentials or RLS policies

**Solution**:
1. Verify credentials in Supabase dashboard
2. Check RLS policies are correctly configured
3. Ensure Supabase project is not paused

### Admin Panel Not Loading

**Cause**: Missing environment variables or build issues

**Solution**:
1. Check browser console for specific errors
2. Verify admin `.env` file exists
3. Clear browser cache and hard reload
